<div align="center">
  <p><code>Cyber</code></p>
I'm an undergraduate cybersecurity student at MSU Denver. I have a deep interest for defensive security and am determined to become a SOC analyst. I have a background in GIS and urban planning/design, receiving my Bachelor's degree in Urban Planning from CU Denver in 2022. My work in GIS saw me realize a new found interest in Python programming. Coupled with my lifelong love for technology, computers, and gaming, I decided to explore possibilities in the tech field. After some self learning, I found that cybersecurity/IT resonated with who I am and have found motivation to work on my security skills and theory rigorously every day since. I started my security journey through the Google Cybersecurity Certification which was a good introduction into the field. After some deliberation, I decided to take the risk of going back to school to study Cybersecurity; this is where I am today!

For the past two years, I've gained hands on experience as a SOC analyst through the Centurion Program, where I've been actively involved in analyzing and monitoring the critical infrastructure of local governments and small organizations. To further complement the defensive mindset required for cyber analysis, I'm currently teaching myself offensive security using platforms like TryHackMe and PortSwigger Academy. I have really enjoyed my journey through self studying offensive security and have learned so much through daily practice on TryHackMe. I have my sights set on the 1500 day streak badge! I feel that practical learning has taught me a different side of cyber than any of my classes could. I still find a ton of value from my college coursework, but having that hands on experience is irreplaceable. I'm also building practical skills through personal projects. My homelab is a testament to this. The lab is simple and is mostly just my main machine with the capability to spin up various VMs. I also have a really old chromebook that I was able to get running Linux Mint and a really old Dell that is running Ubuntu. I also have an orange pi 800 which I have dedicated to running a small local server as my own personal cloud for random documents or pictures I have taken. Currently, I'm working on my senior thesis, pursuing certifications, and building random python projects. My goal is to become a competent and effective SOC analyst, ready to contribute to a team.
